Told Dan in Marketing to spank the monkey.
Containerized anything remaining to be containered
Hup'd services on all the nodes.
Made desired adjustments to the framework.
Despite all concerted efforts to the contrary, remained Agile
Ported to EC2 and S3 in AWS to meet KPIs
Worked with Cathy on quarterly OKRs
Refactored that stuff that needed to be refactored.
Leveraged agile frameworks to foster collaborative approaches to development
Brought win-win strategy to the table for whatever that thing is Jason is doing
Obtained holistic world view for microservices test plan.
Achieved synergy with Jen on planning exercise.
Boiled the server error ocean for report
Broke out the deck for WAM into pre-notes and talking points
Scheduled a review call with all the partners.
Wordsmithed the status report bullets
Made error analysis more granular
Re-benchmarked the benchmarks
Summarized project next-steps and sent the Googledoc around.
Are our buckets the right buckets? Wes to follow up.
Quickly meshed flexible users into our deliverables
Interactively enabled magnetic web services into the viewer
Credibly aggregated one-to-one clouds across the cloud and on-prem
Monotonectally negotiated just-in-time string sources
Authoritatively visualized focused data on the metrics monitor
Parallel tasked state-of-the-art dockerized microservices
Energistically synthesized corporate experiences at the team offsite
We escaped the escape room!
Synergistically optimized cross-team core competencies
Appropriately facilitated competitive testing procedures
Productized interactive schemas
Intrinsically right-shored functional action items
Compellingly communicated viral action items in the deck
coordinated user friendly core competencies
Crafted the new policy -- Starting this quarter, we will taper on robust thought leaders.
Need to share Alex quote: "Our transformation is the most social thing at our company. Do your best to amortize it."
Made value-add key to our ability to incentivize the mindshare organically.
Determined minimum viable product is key to amortize the passion strategically.
Focused on new ways to circle back the consumer space through turnkey deployments of optics
Curated the tipping point horizontally.
Acted with entrepreneurially and closed the loop our team brand.
progressively drove high-quality collaboration and idea-sharing
Continually meshed multifunctional methods of empowerment.
Globally networked sticky resources
Grew long-term high-impact e-business to benefit our SaaS model
Fungibly seized team driven content
Progressively redefined collaborative nosql conversation: Cassandra vs Hadoop?
Fashioned global leadership skills and crossed arch team silo.
Energistically promoted i18n client-focused materials
envisioneered fully tested innovations
Transitioned cloudified metrics dynamically
Aggregated compelling and unique internal or "organic" sources
Professionally engineered error-free applications, as usual
Visualize customer directed methods of empowerment with Tier2 toolset
Quickly engineered competitive materials for Dave
Incubate highly efficient bandwidth in new datacenter.
Fended off efforts to underwhelm quality paradigms.
Inspiring quote from Chris C: "Our ideation is the most high level thing at our company. Do your best to disrupt it."
Decision made: At the end of the day, it's time to act with multiplatform deep dive.
Heard the smackdown: If we vertically integrate, we will unfortunately be lagging in cloud-based wheelhouse.
Wisdom from Fred: ”The earth has been around for billions of years. You only have about seventy five. Get to work."
Colin’s feelings about this project: “Every man should pull a boat over a mountain once in his life.”
Focused efforts on improving cross functional communication channels. 
Clarified requirements to ensure we build within proper scope and current resource allocations
Synced with eng leadership regarding scalability and direction of this ticket
Ongoing framework feasibility discussions
Considered tradeoffs for re-platforming vs faster-to-market on existing infrastructure
Facilitated priority discussions between stakeholders with competing needs.
